Terminal Design, Inc. ClearviewHwy font software
End User License Agreement

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY and we recommend that you print a copy for further reference.

This End User License Agreement (the “Agreement” “EULA,” “License,” “Agreement” or “License Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you and Terminal Design, Inc. (“Terminal”) and becomes a binding contract between you and Terminal Design, Inc. This Agreement governs the terms of use the Font Software (“Font Software”), together with any media, printed materials, electronic documentation, updates, add-ons, artwork, web services and any other material that may be associated with the product now or in the future. This Agreement becomes effective (a) when you click on the area marked “ACCEPT LICENSE AGREEMENT,” or (b) if you are acquiring Font Software on a Compact Disc or Digital Video Disk (CD, DVD), or (c) as a compressed archive delivered via e-mail attachment, when you open the package in which the font is contained. If you do not wish to enter into this Agreement, do not purchase, access, use or otherwise download or install the Font Software.

1. Upon payment in full, Terminal will grant you a non-exclusive terminable License to the Font Software that accompanies this EULA. Use of the Font Software is limited to Personal or Internal Business Use only. For the purposes of the License, “Font Software” shall be defined the Software which, when used generates typeface and typographic designs and ornaments. Personal or Internal Business Use shall mean Use of the Font Software for your customary personal or internal business purposes and, except as may otherwise permitted herein, shall not mean the commercial distribution or use of Font Software or any component thereof in any Commercial Product whatsoever. The Font Software shall be deemed to include any upgrades, updates, permitted modifications, permitted copies, and related documentation.

2. If you are a design consultancy, advertising agency or purchasing this license for use by or on behalf of such an entity, the ultimate end user should also purchase a license appropriate for the intended use of the Font Software. The license granted herein for personal or professional use does not extend to uses by temporary employees or independent contractors using the Font Software in professional environments or for other professional uses. Under such circumstances your employer and/or the ultimate end user are also required to purchase a license appropriate for their usage.

3. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Commercial Product” shall mean an electronic document created by Use of the Font Software which is offered for distribution to the general public (or to some subset of the general public) as a commercial product in exchange for a separate fee or other consideration. By way of example, not limitation, an electronic book or electronic magazine distributed for a fee shall be considered a Commercial Product; a document distributed in connection with a commercial transaction in which the consideration is unrelated to such document (for example, a business letter or a receipt for purchase of tangible goods such as clothing) shall not be considered a Commercial Product. For the purposes of clarity, the use of the Font Software for the purposes of creating street and/or highway signage is permitted under this Agreement.

4. You are permitted to electronically distribute a “Personal or Internal Business Use” document (that is, a document other than a Commercial Product as defined above) (i) that is in a static graphic image (for example, a “gif”) or in an embedded electronic document, and (ii) which is distributed in a format that permits only the viewing and printing (and not the editing, altering, enhancing, or modifying) of such static graphic image or embedded document. Personal or Internal Business Use shall not include any Use of the Font Software by persons that are not members of your immediate household, your authorized employees, or your authorized agents. All such household members, employees and agents shall be notified by you as to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and shall agree to be bound by it prior to Use of the Font Software.

5. Terminal, its successors and assigns, retain all right and title in and to the Font Software. Except as may be otherwise expressly permitted herein, you agree not to copy the Font Software or create derivative works thereof. You hereby agree that the unauthorized use of the Font Software is an infringement of Terminal Design’s exclusive rights. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Terminal Design.

6. You may install and Use the Font Software on a single file server for Use on a single local area network (“LAN”) only when the Use of such Font Software is limited to the workstations and printers licensed under this Agreement. The Font Software may not be installed or Used on a server that can be accessed via the Internet or other external network system (a system other than a LAN). Use of the Font Software on a Wide Area Network (WAN), including, access for use via the Internet, requires the purchase of a special license.

7. You may not alter Font Software in any manner whatsoever. Reformatting the Font Software into other formats or for use in other operating systems is expressly prohibited. Altering or amending the embedding bits characteristics of the Font Software is expressly prohibited. The Font Software may not be used to create or distribute any electronic document in which the Font Software, or any part thereof, is embedded in a format that permits editing, alterations, enhancements, or modifications by the recipient of such document. You hereby agree not to transmit any electronic document to any party that intends to “hack,” edit, alter, enhance, or otherwise modify or remove the Font Software any document.

8. You may make one (1) back-up copy of Font Software for archival purposes only, and you agree to retain exclusive custody and control over any such copy. Upon termination of the Agreement, you must destroy the original and any and all copies of the Font Software. The unauthorized sharing, lending, renting, sale, or other unauthorized use or misuse of the back-up copy is a material breach of this Agreement and will result in the immediate termination of this License.

9. You may take a digitized copy of the Font Software used for a particular document, or Font Software embedded in an electronic document, to a commercial printer or service bureau for use by the printer or service bureau in printing such document provided that the printer or service bureau represents that it shall destroy any and all copies of the Font Software upon completion of its work.

10. The Font Software and trademark associated therewith are the exclusive property of Terminal Design, Inc. and are protected by the copyright and other intellectual property law of the United States and by the copyright and design laws of other nations, and by other international treaties.

11. You agree not to modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, alter, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Font Software. Other jurisdictions may provide for additional rights, and if applicable, you may reverse engineer or decompile the Font Software only to the extent that sufficient information is not available for the purpose of creating an interoperable software program (but only for such purpose and only to the extent that sufficient information is not provided by Terminal Design upon written request). All trademarks shall be used in accepted trademark practice, including identification of the trademark owner’s name. Use of the trademarks associated with the Font Software inures solely to the benefit of Terminal. You may not change any trademark or trade name designation for the Font Software.

12. Use of Terminal Design Font Software in the following circumstances and/or applications is NOT permitted without first obtaining the appropriate licensing upgrade. In order to obtain a license upgrade, you must contact Terminal Design at info@terminaldesign.com for more information. If you are unsure whether your use of the Font Software is specifically permitted under this Agreement, contact Terminal Design:
a. BROADCAST or FILM;
b. ELECTRONIC DEVICE OR GAME EMBEDDING;
c. SOFTWARE EMBEDDING;
i. The embedding or other use of the Fonts, in works distributed electronically and/or via physical media for sale is prohibited under this License. Any such use requires the express written permission of Terminal Design and may or may not require the purchase of a license upgrade at the sole discretion of Terminal Design.

13. Broadcast and Film Usage refers to the use of the Font Software in titling, credits or other forms of attribution with any on-screen broadcast via television, Internet or motion picture titling. For use in film, flash-type movies, on the Internet, or in television broadcasts. The terms of this License are limited to an annual broadcast season or the initial release and broadcast usage licensing must be renewed prior to following season (whether original or re-rerun, both foreign and domestic) to retain usage and proper licensing. Additional licensing options are available.

14. Embedded Electronic Devices includes the use of the Font Software for any on-screen display or on an electronic device outside a single location. For example, and not by way of limitation, such electronic devices include a kiosk, gaming devices, embroidery or sewing machines. Use of the Font Software to create a Company Logo is permitted only upon the purchase of a license upgrade. The Font Software may be embedded and resident within an electronic device provided it cannot be extracted from the device. NOTE: This restriction does NOT include laptop/notebook CPUs which are defined as a standard device in this License Agreement.

15. Terminal Design Font Software is licensed for use at a single location. Use of the Font Software in more than one geographic location requires the purchase a separate or additional license. License upgrades may be purchased for use with additional devices or with a Wide Area Network or WAN. Broadcast, film, large installations for business, enterprise or otherwise substantially unrestricted or unlimited uses of the Font Software are only permitted upon the purchase of a custom license agreement. You may contact Terminal Design at info@terminaldesign.com for custom licensing information.

16. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided for herein, you expressly agree not to rent, lease, sublicense, give, lend, or further distribute the Font Software. You may transfer all your rights under this Agreement another person or entity provided that (i) the transferee accepts and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and (ii) you destroy all copies of the Font Software, including all copies stored in the memory of a hardware device.

17. Terminal warrants that the Font Software will perform substantially in accordance with its documentation for ninety (90) days following delivery of the Font Software. To make a warranty claim, you must either return the Font Software to the location from which you obtained it together with a copy of your sales receipt or, if acquired on-line, contact the on-line provider with sufficient information regarding your acquisition of the Font Software to permit the confirmation of the effective date of this License. Terminal hereby EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TERMINAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE FONT SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE FONT SOFTWARE IS WITHOUT DEFECTS. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL TERMINAL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, SAVINGS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE FONT SOFTWARE EVEN IF NOTIFIED IN ADVANCE OF SUCH POSSIBILITY. You hereby agree that your entire, exclusive, and cumulative liability and remedy shall be limited to the cost of the Font Software. Under no circumstances shall Terminal’s liability to you exceed either the refunding of the cost of the Font Software or replacement of the Font Software either of which shall be at Terminal’s sole discretion.

18. Other Law. non-business users only. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or special damages, implied warranties or implied warranties. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR OTHER RIGHT CREATED BY LAW IS ONLY EFFECTIVE FOR THE NINETY (90) DAY WARRANTY PERIOD. THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND AFTER THE NINETY (90) DAY WARRANTY PERIOD. To the extent permissible by law, you agree that all implied warranties are not to be effective for more than thirty (30) days.

19. You expressly agree that this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., as they apply to contracts wholly performed therein and without respect to its conflict of laws provisions or the conflict of laws provisions of any other jurisdiction. You expressly submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of New York, USA. You hereby expressly agree that the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.

20. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any law, statute, treaty, or governmental regulation shall be deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to provide you with any additional or different rights from those provided herein and such rights are determined to be deemed non-waiveable as a matter of law and to supersede the rights or any limitations specifically provided herein, then such law, statute, treaty, or governmental regulation shall be deemed to be made a part of the Agreement. To the extent that any such rights created by any law, statute, treaty or governmental regulation are waiveable, you agree that your acceptance of the Agreement shall constitute an effective and irrevocable waiver of any such right. This Agreement may, at Terminal Design’s sole discretion, be enforced by an authorized agent acting on its behalf.

21. You acknowledge that you have read this agreement and understand it and that by using the software you will be bound by its terms and conditions. You further agree that it is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between Terminal Design and you which supersedes any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written, and any other communications relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. No variation of the terms of this Agreement or any different terms will be enforceable against Terminal Design in the absence of an express written amendment or consent, including a written express waiver of the affected terms of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, and the invalid provision shall be replaced by Terminal with a provision that effects the intent of the invalid provision.

22. Terminal Design expressly reserves the right to amend or modify this License Agreement at any time and without prior notification, to the extent permitted by law.

23. The Agreement shall automatically terminate in the event you or any authorized user breaches the terms set forth herein. Notwithstanding any termination of this License, Terminal Design expressly reserves any and all other remedies under equity or law. The Agreement may only be modified in a writing signed by an authorized officer of Terminal Design.

24. You agree to be responsible for compliance with all laws, foreign and domestic relating to the control of exports or the transfer of technology. If you are purchasing this License for government use, or under a government contract, you agree to familiarize yourself with and follow any applicable rules and regulations relating to the purchase of a license to use software and the actual use thereof.
Terminal Design’s mailing address is 125 Congress Street, Brooklyn, NY 11201. All inquiries may be sent via e-mail to info@terminaldesign.com. Terminal Design’s website is located at www.terminaldesign.com.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;