The day she was born was the happiest day in her parent’s lives. “She’s perfect,” said her mother. “Absolutely,” said her father. And she was. She was absolutely perfect. “Her name must be everything she is,” said her mother. “Her name must be absolutely perfect,” said her father. And it was. Chrysanthemum. Her parents named her Chrysanthemum. Chrysanthemum grew and grew and grew. And when she was old enough to appreciate it, Chrysanthemum loved her name. She loved the way it sounded when her mother woke her up. She loved the way it sounded when her father called her for dinner. And she loved the way it sounded when she whispered it to herself in the bathroom mirror. Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum. Chrysanthemum loved the way her name looked when it was written with ink on an envelope. She loved the way it looked when it was written with icing on her birthday cake. And she loved the way it looked when she wrote it herself with her fat orange crayon. Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum. Chrysanthemum thought her name was absolutely perfect. And then she started school. On the first day, Chrysanthemum wore her sunniest dress and her brightest smile. She ran all the way. “Hooray!” said Chrysanthemum. “School!” But when Mrs. Chud took roll call, everyone giggled upon hearing Chrysanthemum’s name. “It’s so long,” said Jo. “It scarcely fits on your name tag,” said Rita, pointing. “I’m named after my grandmother,” said Victoria. “You’re named after a flower?” Chrysanthemum wilted. She did not think her name was absolutely perfect. She thought it was absolutely dreadful. The rest of the day was not much better. During naptime Victoria raised her hand and informed Mrs. Chud that Chrysanthemum’s name was spelled with thirteen letters. “That’s exactly half as many letters as there are in the entire alphabet?” Victoria explained. “Thank you for sharing that with us, Victoria,” said Mrs. Chud. “Now put your head down. “If I had a name like yours, I’d change it,” Victoria said as the students lined up to go home. I wish I could, thought Chrysanthemum miserably. “Welcome home!” said her mother. “Welcome home!” said her father. “School is no place for me,” said Chrysanthemum. “My name is too long. It scarcely fits on my name tag. And I’m named after a flower!” “Oh, pish,” said her mother. “Your name is beautiful.” “And precious and priceless and fascinating and winsome,” said her father. “It’s everything you are,” said her mother. “Absolutely perfect,” said her father. Chrysanthemum felt much better after her favorite dinner (macaroni and cheese with ketchup) and an evening filled with hugs and kisses and Parcheesi. That night Chrysanthemum dreamed that her name was Jane. It was an extremely pleasant dream. The next morning Chrysanthemum wore her most comfortable jumper. She walked to school as slowly as she could. She dragged her feet in the dirt. Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum. “She even looks like a flower,” said Victoria, as Chrysanthemum entered the playground. “Let’s pick her,” said Rita, pointing. “Let’s smell her,” said Jo. Chrysanthemum wilted. She did not think her name was absolutely perfect. She thought it was absolutely dreadful. The rest of the day was not much better. During naptime Victoria raised her hand and said, “A chrysanthemum is a flower. It lives in a garden with worms and other dirty things.” “Thank you for sharing that with us, Victoria,” said Mrs. Chud. “Now put your head down.” “I just cannot believe your name,” Victoria said as the students lined up to go home. Neither can I, thought Chrysanthemum miserably. “Welcome home!” said her mother. “Welcome home!” said her father. “School is no place for me,” said Chrysanthemum. “They said I even look like a flower. They pretended to pick me and smell me.” “Oh, pish,” said her mother. “They’re just jealous. “And envious and begrudging and discontented and jaundiced,” said her father. “Who wouldn’t be jealous of a name like yours?” said her mother. “After all, it’s absolutely perfect,” said her father. Chrysanthemum felt a trifle better after her favorite dessert (chocolate cake with buttercream frosting) and another evening filled with hugs and kisses and Parcheesi. That night Chrysanthemum dreamed that she really was a chrysanthemum. She sprouted leaves and petals. Victoria picked her and plucked the leaves and petals one by one until there was nothing left but a scrawny stem. It was the worst nightmare of Chrysanthemum’s life. Chrysanthemum wore her outfit with seven pockets the next morning. She loaded the pockets with her most prized possessions and her good luck charms. Chrysanthemum took the longest route possible to school. She stopped and stared at each and every flower. “Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum,” the flowers seemed to say. That morning the students were introduced to Mrs. Twinkle, the music teacher. Her voice was like something out of a dream, as was everything else about her. The students were speechless. They thought Mrs. Twinkle was an indescribable wonder. They went out of their way to make a nice impression. Mrs. Twinkle led the students in scales. Then she assigned roles for the class musical. Victoria was chosen as the dainty Fairy Queen. Rita was chosen as the spiffy Butterfly Princess. Jo was chosen as the all‐important Pixie messenger. And Chrysanthemum was chosen as a daisy. “Chrysanthemum’s a daisy! Chrysanthemum’s a daisy!” Jo, Rita, and Victoria chanted, thinking it was wildly funny. Chrysanthemum wilted. She did not think her name was absolutely perfect. She thought it was absolutely dreadful. “What’s so humorous?” asked Mrs. Twinkle. “Chrysanthemum!” was the answer. “Her name is so long,” said Jo. “It scarcely fits on her name tag,” said Rita, pointing. “I’m named after my grandmother,” said Victoria. “She’s named after a flower!” “My name is long,” said Mrs. Twinkle. “It is?” said Jo. “My name would scarcely fit on a name tag,” said Mrs. Twinkle. “It would?’ said Rita, pointing. “And‐‐‐“ said Mrs. Twinkle, “I’m named after a flower, too!” “You are?” said Victoria. “Yes,” said Mrs. Twinkle. “My name is Delphinium. Delphinium Twinkle. And if my baby is a girl, I’m considering Chrysanthemum as a name. I think it’s absolutely perfect.” Chrysanthemum could scarcely believe her ears. She blushed. She beamed. She bloomed. Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum, Chrysanthemum. Jo, Rita, and Victoria looked at Chrysanthemum longingly. “Call me Marigold,” said Jo. “I’m Carnation,” said Rita, pointing. “My name is Lily of the Valley,” said Victoria. Chrysanthemum did not think her name was absolutely perfect. She knew it! EPILOGUE: Overall, the class musical was a huge success. Chrysanthemum was absolutely perfect as a daisy. Victoria made the only mistake: She completely forgot her lines as the dainty Fairy Queen. Chrysanthemum thought it was wildly funny, and she giggled throughout the entire Dance of the Flowers. Eventually, Mrs. Twinkle gave birth to a healthy baby girl. And, of course, she named her Chrysanthemum. Corduroy is a bear who once lived in the toy department of a big store. Day after day he waited with all the other animals and dolls for someone to come along and take him home. The store was always filled with shoppers buying all sorts of things, but no one ever seemed to want a small bear in green overalls. Then one morning a little girl stopped and looked straight into Corduroy's bright eyes. “Oh, Mommy!” she said. “Look! There's the very bear I've always wanted.” “Not today, dear.” Her mother sighed. “I've spent too much already. Besides, he doesn't look new. He's lost the button to one of his shoulder straps.” Corduroy watched them sadly as they walked away. “I didn't know I'd lost a button,” he said to himself. “Tonight I'll go and see if I can find it.” Late that evening, when all the shoppers had gone and the doors were shut and locked, Corduroy climbed carefully down from his shelf and began searching everywhere on the floor for his lost button. Suddenly he felt the floor moving under him! Quite by accident he had stepped onto an escalator – and up he went! “Could this be a mountain?” he wondered. “I think I've always wanted to climb a mountain.” He stepped off the escalator as it reached the next floor, and there, before his eyes, was a most amazing sight – tables and chairs and lamps and sofas, and rows and rows of beds. “This must be a palace!” Corduroy gasped. “I guess I've always wanted to live in a palace.” He wandered around admiring the furniture. “This must be a bed,” he said. “I've always wanted to sleep in a bed.” And up he crawled onto a large, thick mattress. All at once he saw something small and round. “Why, here's my button!” he cried. And he tried to pick it up. But, like all the other buttons on the mattress, it was tied down tight. He yanked and pulled with both paws until POP! Off came the button – and off the mattress Corduroy toppled, bang into a tall floor lamp. Over it fell with a crash! Corduroy didn't know it, but there was someone else awake in the store. The night watchman was going his rounds on the floor above. When he heard the crash he came dashing down the escalator. “Now who in the world did that!” he exclaimed. “Somebody must be hiding around here!” He flashed his light under and over sofas and beds until he came to the biggest bed of all. And there he saw two fuzzy brown ears sticking up from under the cover. “Hello!” he said. “How did you get upstairs?” The watchman tucked Corduroy under his arm and carried him down the escalator and set him on the shelf in the toy department with the other animals and dolls. Corduroy was just waking up when the first customers came into the store in the morning. And there, looking at him with a wide, warm smile, was the same little girl he'd seen only the day before. “I'm Lisa,” she said, “and you're going to be my very own bear. Last night I counted what I've saved in my piggy bank and my mother said I could bring you home.” “Shall I put him in a box for you?” the saleslady asked. “Oh, no thank you,” Lisa answered. And she carried Corduroy home in her arms. She ran all the way up four flights of stairs, into her family's apartment, and straight to her own room. Corduroy blinked. There was a chair and a chest of drawers, and alongside a girl-size bed stood a little bed just the right size for him. The room was small, nothing like that enormous palace in the department store. “This must be home,” he said. “I know I've always wanted a home!” Lisa sat down with Corduroy on her lap and began to sew a button on his overalls. “I like you the way you are,” she said, “but you'll be more comfortable with your shoulder strap fastened.” “You must be a friend,” said Corduroy. “I've always wanted a friend.” “Me too!” said Lisa, and gave him a big hug. This is George. He lived in Africa. He was very happy. But he had one fault. He was too curious. One day George saw a man. He had on a large yellow straw hat. The man saw George, too. "What a nice little monkey," he thought, "I would like to take him home with me." The man put his hat on the ground, and of course George was curious. He came down from the tree to look at the large yellow hat. The hat had been on the man's head. George thought it would be nice to have it on his own He picked it up and put it on. The hat covered George's head. He couldn't see. The man picked him up quickly and popped him into a bag. George was caught. The man with the big yellow hat put George into a little boat, and a sailor rowed them both across the water to a big ship. George was sad, but he was still a little curious. On the big ship, things began to happen. The man took off the bag. George sat on a little stool, and the man said, "George, I am going to take you to a big Zoo in a big city. You will like it there. Now run along and play, but don't get into trouble." George promised to be good. But it is easy for little monkeys to forget. On the deck he found some sea gulls. He wondered how they could fly. He was very curious. Finally he HAD to try. It looked easy. But- oh, what happened! First this And then this! "WHERE IS GEORGE?" The sailors looked and looked. At last they saw him struggling in the water, and almost all tired out. "Man overboard!" the sailors cried as they threw him a life belt. George caught it and held on. At last he was safe on board. After that, George was more careful to be a good monkey, until at last the long trip was over. George said good-by to the kind sailors, and he and the man with the yellow hat walked off the ship on to the shore and on into the city to the man's house. After a good meal and a good pipe, George felt very tired. He crawled into bed and fell asleep at once. The next morning the man telephoned the Zoo. George watched him. He was fascinated. Then the man went away. George was curious. He wanted to telephone, too. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. What fun! DING-A-LING-A-LING! GEORGE HAD TELEPHONED THE FIRE STATION! The firemen rushed to the telephone. "Hello! Hello!" they said. But there was no answer. Then they looked for the signal on the big map that showed where the telephone call had come from. They didn't know it was GEORGE. They thought it was a real fire. HURRY! HURRY! HURRY! The firemen jumped on to the fire engines and on to the hook-and-ladder s. Ding-dong-ding-dong. Everyone out of the way! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! The firemen rushed into the house. They opened the door. NO FIRE! ONLY a naughty little monkey. "Oh, catch him, catch him," they cried. George tried to run away. He almost did, but he got caught in the telephone wire, and - a thin fireman caught one arm and a fat fireman caught the other. "You fooled the Fire Department," they said. "We will have to shut you where you can't do any more harm." They took him away and shut him in a prison. George wanted to get out. He climbed up to the window to try the bars. Just then the watchman came in. He got on the wooden bed to catch George. But the watchman was too big and heavy. The bed tipped up, the watchman fell over, and, quick as lightning, George ran out through the open door. He hurried through the building and out on to the roof. And then he was lucky to be a monkey. Out he walked on to the telephone wires. Quickly and quietly over the guard's head, George walked away. He was free! Down in the street, outside the prison wall, stood a balloon man. A little girl bought a balloon for her brother. George watched. He was curious again. He felt he MUST have a bright red balloon. He reached over and tried to help himself, but - instead of one balloon, the whole bunch broke loose. In an instant the wind whisked them all away and, with them, went George, holding tight with both hands. Up, up he sailed, higher and higher. The houses looked like toy houses and the people like dolls. George was frightened. He held on very tight. wA At first the wind blew in great gusts. Then it quieted. Finally it stopped blowing altogether. George was very tired. Down, down he went - bump, on to the top of a traffic light. Everyone was surprised. The traffic got all mixed up. George didn't know what to do, and then he heard someone call, "GEORGE!" He looked down and saw his friend, the man with the big yellow hat! George was very happy. The man was happy, too. George slid down the post, and the man with the big yellow hat put him under his arm. Then he paid the balloon man for all the balloons. And then George and the man climbed into the car, and at last away they went - to the ZOO! What a nice place for George to live! Frog ran up the path to Toad’s house. He knocked on the front door. There was no answer. “Toad, Toad,” shouted Frog, “wake up. It is spring!” “Blah,” said a voice from inside the house. “Toad, Toad,” cried Frog. “The sun is shining! The snow is melting. Wake up!” “I am not here,” said the voice. Frog walked into the house. It was dark. All the shutters were closed. “Toad, where are you?” called Frog. “Go away,” said the voice from a corner of the room. Toad was lying in bed. He had pulled all the covers over his head. Frog pushed Toad out of bed. He pushed him out of the house and onto the front porch. Toad blinked in the bright sun. “Help!” said Toad. “I cannot see anything.” “Don’t be silly,” said Frog. “What you see is the clear warm light of April. And it means that we can begin a whole new year together. Toad. Think of it,” said Frog. “We will skip through the meadows and run through the woods and swim in the river. In the evenings we will sit right here on this front porch and count the stars.” “You can count them. Frog,” said Toad. “I will be too tired. I am going back to bed.” Toad went back into the house. He got into the bed and pulled the covers over his head again. “But, Toad,” cried Frog, “you will miss all the fun!” “Listen, Frog,” said Toad. “How long have I been asleep?” “You have been asleep since November,” said Frog. “Well then,” said Toad, “a little more sleep will not hurt me. Come back again and wake me up at about half past May. Good night, Frog.” “But, Toad,” said Frog, “I will be lonely until then.” Toad did not answer. He had fallen asleep. Frog looked at Toad’s calendar. The November page was still on top. Frog tore off the November page. He tore off the December page. And the January page, the February page, and the March page. He came to the April page. Frog tore off the April page too. Then Frog ran back to Toad’s bed. “Toad, Toad, wake up. It is May now.” “What?” said Toad. “Can it be May so soon?” “Yes,” said Frog. “Look at your calendar.” Toad looked at the calendar. The May page was on top. “Why, it is May!” said Toad as he climbed out of bed. Then he and Frog ran outside to see how the world was looking in the spring. One day in summer Frog was not feeling well. Toad said, “Frog, you are looking quite green.” “But I always look green,” said Frog. “I am a frog.” “Today you look very green even for a frog,” said Toad. “Get into my bed and rest.” Toad made Frog a cup of hot tea. Frog drank the tea, and then he said, “Tell me a story while I am resting.” “All right,” said Toad. “Let me think of a story to tell you.” Toad thought and thought. But he could not think of a story to tell Frog. “I will go out on the front porch and walk up and down,” said Toad. “Perhaps that will help me to think of a story.” Toad walked up and down on the porch for a long time. But he could not think of a story to tell Frog Then Toad went into the house and stood on his head. “Why are you standing on your head?” asked Frog. “I hope that if I stand on my head, it will help me to think of a story,” said Toad. Toad stood on his head for a long time. But he could not think of a story to tell Frog. Then Toad poured a glass of water over his head. “Why are you pouring water over your head?” asked Frog. “I hope that if I pour water over my head, it will help me to think of a story,” said Toad. Toad poured many glasses of water over his head. But he could not think of a story to tell Frog. Then Toad began to bang his head against the wall. “Why are you banging your head against the wall?” asked Frog. “I hope that if I bang my head against the wall hard enough, it will help me to think of a story,” said Toad. “I am feeling much better now. Toad,” said Frog. “I do not think I need a story anymore.” “Then you get out of bed and let me get into it,” said Toad, “because now I feel terrible.” Frog said, “Would you like me to tell you a story. Toad?” “Yes,” said Toad, “if you know one.” “Once upon a time,” said Frog, “there were two good friends, a frog and a toad. The frog was not feeling well. He asked his friend the toad to tell him a story. The toad could not think of a story. He walked up and down on the porch, but he could not think of a story. He stood on his head, but he could not think of a story. He poured water over his head, but he could not think of a story. He banged his head against the wall, but he could not think of a story. Then the toad did not feel so well, and the frog was feeling better. So the toad went to bed and the frog got up and told him a story. The end. How was that, Toad?” said Frog. But Toad did not answer. He had fallen asleehl. A Lost Button Toad and Frog went for a long walk. They walked across a large meadow. They walked in the woods. They walked along the river. At last they went back home to Toad’s house. “Oh, drat,” said Toad. “Not only do my feet hurt, but I have lost one of the buttons on my jacket.” “Don’t worry,” said Frog. “We will go back to all the places where we walked. We will soon find your button.” They walked back to the large meadow. They began to look for the button in the tall grass. “Here is your button!” cried Frog. “That is not my button,” said Toad. “That button is black. My button was white.” Toad put the black button in his pocket. A sparrow flew down. “Excuse me,” said the sparrow. “Did you lose a button? I found one.” “That is not my button,” said Toad. “That button has two holes. My button had four holes.” Toad put the button with two holes in his pocket. They went back to the woods and looked on the dark paths. “Here is your button,” said Frog. “That is not my button,” cried Toad. “That button is small. My button was big.” Toad put the small button in his pocket. A raccoon came out from behind a tree. “I heard that you were looking for a button,” he said. “Here is one that I just found.” “That is not my button!” wailed Toad. “That button is square. My button was round.” Toad put the square button in his pocket. Frog and Toad went back to the river. They looked for the button in the mud. “Here is your button,” said Frog. “That is not my button!” shouted Toad. “That button is thin. My button was thick.” Toad put the thin button in his pocket. He was very angry. He jumped up and down and screamed, “The whole world is covered with buttons, and not one of them is mine!” Toad ran home and slammed the door. There, on the floor, he saw his white, four-holed, big, round, thick button. “Oh,” said Toad. “It was here all the time. What a lot of trouble I have made for Frog.” Toad took all of the buttons out of his pocket. He took his sewing box down from the shelf. Toad sewed the buttons all over his jacket. The next day Toad gave his jacket to Frog. Frog thought that it was beautiful. He put it on and jumped for joy. None of the buttons fell off. Toad had sewed them on very well. Toad and Frog went down to the river. “What a day for a swim,” said Frog. “Yes,” said Toad. “I will go behind these rocks and put on my bathing suit.” “I don’t wear a bathing suit,” said Frog. “Well, I do,” said Toad. “After I put on my bathing suit, you must not look at me until I get into the water.” “Why not?” asked Frog. “Because I look funny in my bathing suit. That is why,” said Toad. Frog closed his eyes when Toad came out from behind the rocks. Toad was wearing his bathing suit. “Don’t peek,” he said. Frog and Toad jumped into the water. They swam all afternoon. Frog swam fast and made big splashes. Toad swam slowly and made smaller splashes. A turtle came along the riverbank. “Frog, tell that turtle to go away,” said Toad. “I do not want him to see me in my bathing suit when I come out of the river.” Frog swam over to the turtle. “Turtle,” said Frog, “you will have to go away.” “Why should I?” asked the turtle. “Because Toad thinks that he looks funny in his bathing suit, and he does not want you to see him,” said Frog. Some lizards were sitting nearby. “Does Toad really look funny in his bathing suit?” they asked. A snake crawled out of the grass. “If Toad looks funny in his bathing suit,” said the snake, “then I, for one, want to see him.” “We want to see him too,” said two dragonflies. “Me too,” said a field mouse. “I have not seen anything funny in a long time.” Frog swam back to Toad. “I am sorry. Toad,” he said. “Everyone wants to see how you will look.” “Then I will stay right here until they go away,” said Toad. The turtle and the lizards and the snake and the dragonflies and the field mouse all sat on the riverbank. They waited for Toad to come out of the water. “Please,” cried Frog, “please go away!” But no one went away. Toad was getting colder and colder. He was beginning to shiver and sneeze. “I will have to come out of the water,” said Toad. “I am catching a cold.” Toad climbed out of the river. The water dripped out of his bathing suit and down onto his feet. The turtle laughed. The lizards laughed. The snake laughed. The field mouse laughed, and Frog laughed. “What are you laughing at. Frog?” said Toad. “I am laughing at you. Toad,” said Frog, “because you do look funny in your bathing suit.” “Of course I do,” said Toad. Then he picked up his clothes and went home. Toad was sitting on his front porch. Frog came along and said, “What is the matter. Toad? You are looking sad.” “Yes,” said Toad. “This is my sad time of day. It is the time when I wait for the mail to come. It always makes me very unhappy.” “Why is that?” asked Frog. “Because I never get any mail,” said Toad. “Not ever?” asked Frog. “No, never,” said Toad. “No one has ever sent me a letter. Every day my mailbox is empty. That is why waiting for the mail is a sad time for me.” Frog and Toad sat on the porch, feeling sad together. Then Frog said, “I have to go home now. Toad. There is something that I must do.” Frog hurried home. He found a pencil and a piece of paper. He wrote on the paper. He put the paper in an envelope. On the envelope he wrote “A LETTER FOR TOAD.” Frog ran out of his house. He saw a snail that he knew. “Snail,” said Frog, “please take this letter to Toad’s house and put it in his mailbox.” “Sure,” said the snail. “Right away.” Then Frog ran back to Toad’s house. Toad was in bed, taking a nap=. “Toad,” said Frog, “I think you should get up and wait for the mail some more.” “No,” said Toad, “I am tired of waiting for the mail.” Frog looked out of the window at Toad’s mailbox. The snail was not there yet. “Toad,” said Frog, “you never know when someone may send you a letter.” “No, no,” said Toad. “I do not think anyone will ever send me a letter.” Frog looked out of the window. The snail was not there yet. “But, Toad,” said Frog, “someone may send you a letter today.” “Don’t be silly,” said Toad. “No one has ever sent me a letter before, and no one will send me a letter today.” Frog looked out of the window. The snail was still not there. “Frog, why do you keep looking out of the window?” asked Toad. “Because now I am waiting for the mail,” said Frog. “But there will not be any,” said Toad. “Oh, yes there will,” said Frog, “because I have sent you a letter.” “You have?” said Toad. “What did you write in the letter?” Frog said, “I wrote ‘Dear Toad, I am glad that you are my best friend. Your best friend. Frog.’” “Oh,” said Toad, “that makes a very good letter.” Then Frog and Toad went out onto the front porch to wait for the mail. They sat there, feeling happy together. Frog and Toad waited a long time. Four days later the snail got to Toad’s house and gave him the letter from Frog. Toad was very pleased to have it. 