At quarter of six on Friday evening, Wanda Libbey, snugly secure in her new BMW, was inching her was along the West Side Highway.  Complacent in the excellent shopping she'd done on Fifth Avenue, Wanda was still annoyed at herself that she'd gotten such a late start back to Tarrytown.  The Friday night rush hour was the worst of the week, a time when many quit New York for their country homes.  She'd never want to live in New York again.  Too dirty.  Too dangerous.  Wanda glanced at the Valentino purse on the passenger seat.  When she'd parked in the Kinney lot this morning, she'd tucked it firmly under her arm and kept it there all day.  She wasn't fool enough to have it dangling from her arm where someone might grab it.  Another damn traffic light.  Oh well, in a few blocks she'd be on the ramp and past this miserable section of so- called highway.  A tap on the window made Wanda look swiftly to the right.  A bearded face grinned in at her.  A rag began to make swishing movements on the windshield.  Wanda's lips snapped into a rigid line.  Damn.  She shook her head vigorously.  No.  No.  The man ignored her.  I am not going to be held up by these people, Wanda fumed, jamming her finger on the button that opened the passenger window.  "I don't want- " She began to shriek.  The rag was thrown against the windshield.  The bottle of fluid pinged off the hood.  A hand reached into the car.  She watched her purse disappear.   A squad car was heading west on Fifty- fifth Street.  The driver suddenly straightened up.  "What's that?"  On the approach to the highway he could see traffic stopped, people getting out of cars.  "Let's go."  Siren blaring, lights flashing, the squad car lurched forward, skillfully weaving through the maze of moving traffic and double- parked vehicles.  Still screaming with rage and frustration, Wanda pointed to the pier a block away.  "My purse.  He ran there."  "Let's go."  The squad car turned left, then made a sharp right  as they roared onto the pier.  The cop in the passenger seat turned on the spotlight, revealing the shack Petey had abandoned.  "I'll check inside."  Then he snapped, "Hey, over there.  Past the terminal.  What's that?"  The body of Erin Kelley, glistening with sleet, the silvery slipper flashing under the powerful beam from the spotlight, had been discovered again.   Darcy left Nona's office with Vince D'Ambrosio.  They took a cab to her apartment and she gave him Erin's daily reminder and her personal- columns file.  Vince studied them carefully.  "Not much here," he commented. "We'll find out who placed the ads she circled.  With any luck, Charles North is one of them."  "Erin isn't the greatest record keeper," Darcy said.  "I could go back to her apartment and look through her desk again.  It's possible I missed something."  "That could help.  But don't worry.  If North's a corporate lawyer from Philadelphia, it'll be easy to trace him."  Vince stood up.  "I'll get on this right away."  "And I'm going back to her apartment now.  I'll leave with you."  Darcy hesitated.  The light on the answering machine was blinking.  "Can you wait just a minute till I check the messages?"  Attempting a smile she said, "There's always the chance Erin left one."  There were two messages.  Both were about personal ads.  One was genial.  "Hi, Darcy.  Trying you again.  Enjoyed your not.  Hope we can get together sometime.  I'm Box 4358.  David Weld, 555- 4890."  The other was sharply different.  "Hey, Darcy, why do you waste your time answering ads and my time trying to reach you.  This is the fourth time I've called.  I don't like to leave messaged, but here's this one.  Drop dead."  Vince shook his head.  "That guy has a short leash."  "I didn't leave the answering machine on while I was away," Darcy said.  "I suppose if anyone tried to reach me in response to the few letters I sent myself, they probably gave up.  Erin started answering ads in my name about two weeks ago.  Those are the first calls I've gotten."   Gus Boxer was surprised and not especially pleased to respond to the buzzer and find the same young woman who had wasted so much of his time yesterday.  He was prepared to absolutely refuse to allow her to enter Erin Kelley's apartment again but did not get the chance.  "We've reported Erin's disappearance to the FBI," Darcy told him.  "The agent in charge has asked me to go through her desk."  The FBI.  Gus felt a nervous tremor go through his body.  But that was so long ago.  He had nothing to worry about.  A couple of people had left their names recently just in case a vacancy came up.  One goodlooking gal said it would be worth a thousand bucks under the table if he put her at the top of the list.  So if Kelley's friend was able to find out something happened to her, it would mean a nice piece of change in his pocket.  "I'm just as worried about that girl as you are," he whined, the unfamiliar sympathetic tone catching in his vocal cords.  "Come on up."  In the apartment, Darcy immediately turned on all the lights against the impending dusk.  Yesterday, the place had seemed cheerful enough.  Today, Erin's continued absence was leaving its mark.  A faint edging of soot was visible on the windowsill.  The long worktable needed dusting.  The framed posters that always gave brightness and color to the room seemed to mock her.  The Picasso from Geneva.  Erin had bought it on her one school trip abroad.  "I love this even though it isn't my favorite theme," she'd commented.  It depicted a mother and child.  There were no further messages on Erin's machine.  A search of the desk revealed nothing significant.  There was a new cassette for the answering machine in the drawer.  Possibly Agent D'Ambrosio would want the old tape, the one that contained messaged.  Darcy switched the two.  The nursing home.  This was around the time Erin usually called it.  Darcy looked up the number and dialed. The head nurse on Billy Kelley's floor came to the phone.  "I spoke to Erin as usual on Tuesday night around five.  I told her I think her father is quite near the end.  She said she would spend the weekend in Wellesley."  Then she added, "I understand she's missing.  We're all praying that she's all right."  There's nothing more I can do here, Darcy thought, and suddenly felt an overwhelming desire to go home.   It was quarter of six when she got back to her own place.  A hot shower was called for, she decided, and a hot toddy.  At ten past six, wrapped in her favorite flannel robe, steam rising from the toddy, she settled on the couch and pushed the remote control for the television.  A story was breaking.  John Miller, the investigative crime reporter for Channel 4, was standing at the entrance to a West Side pier.  Behind him in a roped- off area a dozen policemen were silhouetted against the cold waters of the Hudson.  Darcy turned up the volume.  ". . . body of an unidentified young woman was just discovered on this abandoned Fifty- sixth Street pier.  She appears to have been the victim of strangulation.  The woman is slim, in her mid- twenties with auburn hair.  She is wearing slacks and a multicolored blouse.  A bizarre twist is that she is wearing mismatched shoes, a brown leather ankle boot on her left foot, an evening slipper on her right."  Darcy stared at the television.  Auburn hair.  Mid- twenties.  Multicolored blouse.  She'd given Erin a multicolored blouse for Christmas.  Erin had been delighted.  "It has all the colors of Joseph's coat," she'd said.  "I love it."  Auburn.  Slim.  Joseph's coat.  The biblical Joseph's coat had been stained in blood when his treacherous brothers showed it to their father as proof of his death.  Somehow, Darcy managed to find in her purse the card Agent D'Ambrosio had given her.   Vince was just about to leave his office.  He was meeting his fifteen- year- old son Hank at Madison Square Garden. They were going to have a quick dinner, then take in a Rangers game.  As he listened to Darcy he realized that he had been expecting this call; he just hadn't thought it would come quite this soon.  "It doesn't sound good," he told her.  "I'll phone the precinct where the body was found.  Sit tight.  I'll get back to you."  When he hung up, he called Hudson Cable.  Nona was still in her office.  "I'll get right over to be with Darcy," she said.  "She'll be asked if she can identify the body," Vince warned.  He called the Midtown North precinct and was put through to the head of the homicide squad.  The body had not yet been removed from the crime scene.  When it reached the morgue, they'd send a squad car for Miss Scott.  Vince explained his interest in the case.  "We'd be grateful for your assistance," he was told.  "Unless this turns out to be an open- and- shut case, we'd like to have it run through VICAP."  Vince called Darcy back, told her about the squad car and that Nona was on the way.  She thanked him, her tone flat and unemotional.   Chris Sheridan left the gallery at ten past five and with long strides walked the fourteen blocks from Seventy- eighth and Madison to Sixty- fifth and Fifth.  It had been a busy and highly successful week and he savored the luxurious freedom of knowing that he had the whole weekend to himself.  Not a single plan.  His tenth- floor apartment faced Central Park.  "Directly across from the zoo," as he told his friends.  Eclectic in taste, he'd mixed antique tables, lamps, and carpets with long, comfortable upholstered couches that he'd covered in a heraldic pattern, copied from a medieval tapestry.  The paintings were English landscapes.  Nineteenth- century hunting prints and a silk- on- silk Tree of Life wall hanging complemented the Chippendale table and side chairs in the dining area.  It was a comfortable, inviting room, a room which in the past eight years many young women had eyed with hope.  Chris went into the bedroom, changed into a long- sleeved sport shirt and chinos.  A very dry martini, he decided.  Maybe later he'd go out for a plate of pasta.  Drink in hand, he switched on the six o'clock news and saw the same broadcast Darcy was watching.  His compassion for the dead girl and identification with the grief her family would experience was instantly replaced by horror.  Strangled!  A dancing shoe on one foot!  "Oh, God," Chris said aloud.  Could whoever murdered that girl have been the one who sent the letter to his mother?  The letter that said a dancing girl who lived in Manhattan would die on Tuesday night exactly the way Nan died.  Tuesday afternoon, after his mother called, he'd contacted Glenn Moore, the police chief of Darien.  Moore had gone to see Greta, had taken the letter, reassuring her it was probably from a crank.  He'd then called Chris back.  "Chris, even if it's on the level, how do you begin to protect all the young women in New York?"  Now Chris dialed the Darien police station again and was put through to the chief.  Moore had not yet heard about the death in New York.  "I'll call the FBI," he said.  "If that letter is from the killer, it's physical evidence.  I have to warn you, the FBI will probably want to talk to you and your mother about Nan's death.  I'm sorry, Chris.  I know what that does to her."   At the entrance to Beefsteak Charlie's restaurant in Madison Square Garden, Vince threw an arm around his son's shoulders.  "I swear you've grown since last week."  He and Hank were now eye to eye.  "One of these days, you'll be eating your blue plate off my head."  "What the heck is a blue plate?"  Hank's lean face with a sprinkling of freckles across the nose was the one Vince remembered seeing in the mirror nearly thirty years ago.  Only the color of his gray- blues eyes had come from his mother's genes.  The waiter beckoned to them.  When they were seated, Vince explained, "A blue plate used to be the special of the evening at a cheap restaurant.  Seventy- nine cents bought you a hunk of meat, a couple of vegetables, a potato.  The plate was sectioned to keep the juices from running together.  Your grandfather loved that kind of bargain."  They decided on hamburgers with everything piled on, french fries, salads.  Vince had a beer, Hank a cola.  Vince forced himself not to think about Darcy Scott and Nona Roberts going to the morgue to view the body of the murder victim.  Rough as hell for both of them.  Hank filled him in about his track team.  "We're running at Randall's Island next Saturday.  Think you can make it?"  "Absolutely, unless..."  "Oh, sure."  Unlike his mother, Hank understood the demands of Vince's job.  "You working on anything new?"  Vince told him about the concern that a serial killer was on the loose, about the meeting in Nona Roberts's office, about the belief that Erin Kelly might be the dead woman found on the pier.  Hank listened intently.  "You think you ought to be in on this, Dad?"  "Not necessarily.  This may be a local homicide solely for the NYPD, but they have requested assistance from the Behavioral Science Unit at Quantico and I'll help them as much as I can."  He signaled for the check.  "We'd better get started."  "Dad, I'm coming in again Sunday.  Why don't I go to the game along?  You know your gut is telling you to follow up on this case."  "I don't want to pull that on you."  "Look, the game is sold out.  I'll make a deal with you.  No scalping, but if I sell your ticket for exactly what you paid for it, I get to keep the money.  I've got a date tomorrow night.  I'm broke, and I can't stand to ask Mom for a loan.  She sends me to that hunk of blubber she married.  So anxious for us to be buddies."  Vince smiled.  "I swear you've got the makings of a con man.  See you Sunday, pal."   On the way to the morgue, Darcy and Nona clasped hands in the squad car.  When they arrived, they were taken to a room off the lobby.  "They'll come for you when they're ready," the cop who had driven them explained.  "They're probably taking photographs."  Photographs.  Erin, don't worry.  Send your picture if they request it.  In for a penny, in for a pound.  Darcy stared straight ahead, barely conscious of the room, of Nona's arm around her.  Charles North.  Erin had met him at seven o'clock on Tuesday night.  A little more than a few short days ago.  Tuesday morning she and Erin had joked about that date.  Darcy said aloud, "And now I'm sitting in the New York City morgue waiting to look at a dead woman who I'm sure is going to be Erin."  Vaguely she felt Nona's arm tighten around her.  The cop returned.  "An FBI agent's on the way.  Wants you to wait for him before you go downstairs."  Vince walked between Darcy and Nona, his hands firmly under their elbows.  They stopped at the glass window that separated them from the still form on the stretcher.  At Vince's nod, the attendant pulled the sheet back from the victim's face.  But Darcy already knew.  A strand of that auburn hair had escaped concealment.  Then she was seeing the familiar profile, the wide blue eyes now closed, the lashes dark shadows, the always smiling lips so still, so quiet.  Erin.  Erin.  Erin- go- bragh, she thought, and felt herself begin to sink into the merciful darkness.  Vince and Nona grabbed her.  "No. No. I'm all right."  She fought back the waves of dizziness and made herself straighten up.  She pushed away the supporting arms and stared at Erin, deliberately studying the chalky whiteness of her skin, the bruises on her throat.  "Erin," she said fiercely, "I swear to you I will find Charles North.  I give you my word he is going to pay for what he did to you."  The sound of racking sobs echoed in the stark corridor.  Darcy realized they were coming from her.   Friday had been an extremely successful day for Jay Stratton.  In the morning, he'd stopped at the Bertolini office.  Yesterday, when he brought in the necklace, Aldo Marco, the manager, had still been furious at the delay.  Today, Marco was singing a different tune.  His client was ecstatic.  Miss Kelley had certainly executed the concept they had in mind when they'd decided to have the gems reset.  They looked forward to continuing to work with her.  At Jay's request, the twenty- thousand- dollar check was made out to Jay as Erin Kelley's manager.  From there, Stratton went to the police station to file a complaint about the missing diamonds.  The copy of the official report in his hand, he'd headed for the midtown office of his insurance company.  The distressed agent told him that Lloyd's of London had reinsured this packet of gems.  "They'll undoubtedly post a reward," she said nervously.  "Lloyd's is getting terribly upset about the theft of jewelry in New York."  At four o'clock, Jay had been in the Stanhope having drinks with Enid Armstrong, a widow who'd answered one of his personal ads.  He's listened attentively as she told him about her overwhelming loneliness.  "It's been a year," she'd said, her eyes glistening.  "You know, people are sympathetic and they take you out occasionally, but it's a fact of life that the world goes two- by- two and an extra woman is a nuisance.  I went on a Caribbean cruise alone last month.  It was absolutely miserable."  Jay made the appropriate clucking sounds of understanding and reached for her hand.  Armstrong was mildly pretty, in her late fifties, good clothes but no style.  He'd run into the type often enough.  Married young.  Stayed home.  Raised the kids and joined the country club.  Husband who became successful buy mowed his own lawn.  The kind of guy who made sure his wife was well provided for after he keeled over.  Jay studied Armstrong's wedding and engagement rings.  All the diamonds were top quality.  The solitaire was a beauty.  "Your husband was very generous," he commented.  "I got these for our twenty- fifth anniversary.  You should have seen the pinpoint he have me when we got engaged.  We were such kids."  More glistening eyes.  Jay signaled for another glass of champagne.  By the time he left Enid Armstrong, she was excited about his suggestion that they get together next week.  She'd even agreed to consider having him redesign her rings.  "I'd like to see you with one important ring that incorporates all these stones.  The solitaire and baguettes in the center, banded on either side by alternating diamonds and emeralds.  We'll use the diamonds in your wedding ring and I can get some fine quality emeralds for you at a very reasonable price."  Over a quiet dinner at the Water Club, he pondered the pleasure of substituting a cubic zirconia for the solitaire in Armstrong's ring.  Some of them were so good even a jeweler's naked eye could be fooled.  But of course he'd have the new ring appraised for her with the solitaire still in place.  Amazing how single women fell for that.  "How thoughtful of you to take care of the appraisal for me.  I'll take it right to my insurance company."  He lingered at the bar of the Water Club after dinner.  Good to relax.  The business of being attentive and charming with these old girls was exhausting even though the results were lucrative.  It was nine- thirty when he walked the few blocks from the restaurant back to his apartment.  At ten he was wearing pajamas and a robe newly purchased at Armani's.  He settled on the couch with a bourbon on the rocks and turned on the news.  The glass shook in Stratton's trembling hands and liquor spilled unheeded on his robe as he stared at the screen and learned of the discovery of the body of Erin Kelley.   Michael Nash wondered ruefully if he should offer free analysis to Anne Thayer, the blonde who so unfortunately had bought the apartment next to his.  When he left the office at ten of six on Friday afternoon, she was at the desk in the lobby, speaking to the concierge.  As soon as she saw him, she dashed to stand beside him and wait for the elevator.  On the way up, she chatted nonstop, as though she was on a countdown to ensnare him before they reached the twentieth floor.  "I went over to Zabar's today and got the most marvelous salmon.  Fixed a platter of hors d'oeuvres.  My girlfriend was supposed to come over but can't make it.  Can't bear to see them go to waste.  I was wondering..."  Nash cut her off.  "Zabar's salmon is great.  Put it away.  It'll keep for a few days."  He was aware of the commiserating glance of the elevator operator.  "Ramon, I'll see you in a few minutes.  I'm on my way out."  He said a firm good night to the crestfallen Miss Thayer and disappeared into his own apartment.  He was going out, but not for an hour or so.  And if he bumped into her then, maybe she'd start to get the message to leave him alone.  "Dependent personality, probably neurotic, could get vicious when crossed," he said aloud, then laughed.  Hey, I'm off work.  Forget it.  He was spending the weekend in Bridgewater.  There was a dinner party at the Balderstons' tomorrow night.  They always had interesting guests.  More important, he intended to use the better part of the next two days working on his book.  Nash acknowledged to himself that he'd become so interested in the project that he was becoming impatient with distractions.  Just before he left, he tried Erin Kelly's number.  He half- smiled as he heard the message in her lilting voice:  "This is Erin.  Sorry to miss your call.  Please leave a message."  "This is Michael Nash.  I'm sorry to miss you, too, Erin.  Tried you the other day.  Guess you're away.  Hope there isn't a problem with your father."  He left his office and home number again.  The drive to Bridgewater on Friday night was as usual a traffic- clogged nuisance.  It was only when he passed Paterson on Route 80 that it began to let up.  Then with each mile the terrain became more countrylike.  Nash felt himself begin to relax.  By the time he had driven through the gate of Scotshays, he had a total sense of well- being.  His father had bought the estate when Michael was eleven.  Four hundred acres of gardens, woods, and fields.  Swimming pool, tennis courts, stable.  The house copied from a manor in Brittany.  Stone walls, red- tiled roof, green shutters, white portico.  Twenty- two rooms in all.  Half of them Michael hadn't bothered with in years.  Irma and John Hughes, the housekeeping couple, ran the place for him.  Irma had dinner waiting.  She served it in the study.  Michael settled in his favorite old leather armchair to study the notes he would use tomorrow when he wrote the next chapter of his book.  The chapter would concentrate on the psychological problems of people who, when they answered personal ads, sent in pictures of themselves that had been taken twenty- five years ago.  He would concentrate on what factors made them try that ploy and how they explained themselves when the date showed up.  That sort of thing had happened to a number of the girls he had interviewed.  A couple of them had been indignant.  Some had been downright funny describing the encounter.  At quarter of ten, Michael turned the television on in anticipation of the news, then went back to his notes.  The name Erin Kelley made him look up, startled.  He grabbed the remote control and pressed the volume frantically, causing the announcer's voice to shout through the room.  When the segment was finished, Michael flipped off the set and stared at the dark screen.  "Erin," he said aloud, "who could do that to you?"   Doug Fox stopped for a drink at Harry's Bar on Friday evening before heading home to Scarsdale.  It was a watering hole for the Wall Street crowd.  As usual the bar was four deep and the news on the television set was ignored.  Doug did not see the bulletin about the body that had been found on the pier.  If she was sure he was coming home, Susan usually fed the kids first, then waited to eat with him, but tonight, when he arrived at eight, Susan was in the den reading.  She barely raised her eyes when he came into the room and turned away from the kiss he tried to press on her forehead.  Donny and Beth had gone to the movies with the Goodwyns, she explained.  Trish and the baby were asleep.  She did not offer to prepare anything for him.  Her eyes went back to her book.  For a moment Doug stood uncertainly over her, then turned and went into the kitchen.  She had to pull this attitude act the one night I'm hungry, he thought bitterly.  She's just sore because I didn't get home for a couple of nights and was so late last night.  He opened the door of the refrigerator.  The one thing Susan could do was cook.  With mounting anger he decided that when he was able to make it home, the least she could do was to have something ready for him.  He yanked out the packets of ham and cheese and went to the breadbox.  The weekly community newspaper was on the kitchen table.  Doug made a sandwich, poured a beer, and began to skim the paper as he ate.  The sports page caught his eye.  Scarsdale had unexpectedly defeated Dobbs Ferry in the midschool tournament.  The sudden- death winning basket had been sunk by second- stringer Donald Fox.  Donny!  Why didn't anyone tell him?  Doug felt his palms begin to sweat.  Had Susan tried to phone him Tuesday night?  Donny had been disappointed and sullen when Doug told him he couldn't make the game.  It would be just like Susan to suggest they call with the news.  Tuesday night.  Wednesday night.  The new telephone operator at the hotel.  She wasn't like the young kids who willingly accepted the hundred bucks he slipped them from time to time.  "Remember, any calls come in for me when I'm not here, I'm in a meeting.  If it's real late, I left a do- not- disturb.  The new operator looked like she posed for a moral majority ad.  He'd been still trying to figure out how to snow her into lying for him.  He hadn't worried too much, however.  He'd trained Susan not to phone him when he stayed in "for meetings."  But she had tried him Tuesday night.  He was sure of it.  Otherwise, she'd have had Donny phone him at the office Wednesday afternoon.  And that dumb operator had probably told her there was no meeting and no one was staying in the company suite.    Doug looked around the kitchen.  It was surprisingly neat.  They'd had the whole house renovated when they bought it eight years ago.  The kitchen was a chef's dream.  Center island with sink and chopping board.  Plenty of counter space.  Latest appliances.  Skylight.  Susan's old man had lent them the money for the renovation.  He's also lent them most of the down payment.  Lent.  Not given.  If Susan got really sore...  Doug tossed the rest of the sandwich in the compactor and brought his beer into the den.  Susan watched him enter the room.  My handsome husband, she thought.  She'd deliberately left the newspaper on the table, knowing Doug would probably read it.  Now he's sweating bullets.  He figured I probably called the hotel to let Donny give him the news.  Funny, when you finally faced reality, it was amazing how clearly you could see things.  Doug sat on the couch opposite her.  He's afraid to give me an opening she decided.  Tucking her book under her arm, she got up.  "The kids will be back about half past ten," she told him.  "I'm going to read in bed."  "I'll wait for them, honey."  Honey! He must be worried.  Susan settled in bed with the book.  Then, knowing she was not able to focus on the print, she laid it down and turned on the television.  Doug came into the bedroom just as the ten o'clock news began.  "It's too lonesome out there."  He lay on the bed and reached for her hand.  "How's my girl?"  "Good question," Susan said.  "How is she?"  He attempted to pass it off as a joke.  Tilting her chin, he said, "She looks pretty good to me."  They both turned to watch the screen as the anchorman gave the headline news.  "Erin Kelley, a prize- winning your jewelry designer, was found strangled on the West Fifty- sixth Street pier.  More after this."  A commercial.  Susan glanced at Doug.  He was staring at the screen, his pallor a ghastly white.  "Doug, what is it?"  He did not seem to have heard her.  "...Police are searching for Petey Potters, a drifter who was known to have been living in this shack and may have observed the body when it was abandoned on this cold, debris- strewn pier."  When the segment was completed, Doug turned to Susan.  As though he had just heard her question, he snapped, "Nothing's the matter.  Nothing."  Beads of perspiration were forming on his forehead.   At three in the morning, Susan was awakened from her own uneasy sleep by Doug thrashing beside her.  He was mumbling something.  A name? "...no, can't..." The name again.  Susan propped herself up on one arm and listened intently.  Erin.  That was it.  The name of the young woman who'd been found murdered.  She was about to shake Doug awake when he suddenly quieted.  With growing horror, Susan realized why the newscast had so upset him.  Undoubtedly, he'd linked it to that terrible time in college when he was one of the students questioned about the girl who had been strangled.    VI SATURDAY February 23  On Saturday morning, Charley read the New York Post with intense fascination.  COPYCAT MURDER was the banner- sized headline.  The similarity of Erin Kelley's death to the True Crimes program about Nan Sheridan was the focus of the story on the inside pages.  Someone had tipped an investigative reporter from the Post about the letter to Nan Sheridan's mother warning that a young woman from New York would be murdered on Tuesday night.  The reporter, quoting an unidentified source, wrote that the FBI was on the trail of a possible serial killer.  In the past two years, seven young women from Manhattan had disappeared after answering personal ads.  Erin Kelley had been answering personal ads.  The circumstances of Nan Sheridan's death were rehashed in full.  Erin Kelley's background; interviews with colleagues in the jewelry business.  Their responses identical.  Erin was a warm, lovely person, immensely talented.  The pictures the Post used was the one Erin had sent Charley.  That delighted him.  The network was going to repeat the True Crimes episode about Nan's death Wednesday night.  That would be so interesting to watch.  Of course he'd taped it last month, but even so, to see it again, knowing that hundreds of thousands of people would be playing amateur detective.  Who did it?  Who was smart enough to get away with it?  Charley frowned.  Copycat.  Copycat meant they thought someone else was imitating him.  Anger rushed through him, stark, raging anger.  They had no right not to credit him.  Just as Nan had had no right not to invite him to her party fifteen years ago.  He'd go back to the secret place in the next few days.  He needed to be there.  He'd turn on the video and dance in step with Astaire.  It wouldn't be Ginger, or Leslie, or Ann Miller in his arms.  His heart began beating faster.  This time it wouldn't even be Nan.  It would Darcy.  He picked up Darcy's picture.  The soft brown hair, the slender body, the wide, inquiring eyes.  How much lovelier would that body be when he held it, rigid and cold in his arms?  Copycat.  Again he frowned.  The anger was pounding at his temples, causing one of the terrible headaches to begin.  It is I, Charley, alone who has the power of life and death over these women.  I, Charley, broke through the prison of the other soul and now dominate him at will.  He would take Darcy and crush the life from her as he had crushed it from the others.  And he would confound the authorities with his genius, confuse and bewilder their tiresome minds.  Copycat.  The people who wrote that should see the shoe boxes in the basement.  Then they'd know.   Those boxes that contained one shoe and one dancing slipper from the foot of each of the dead girls beginning with Nan.  Of course.  There was a way to prove he wasn't a copycat.  His body shook with silent, mirthless laughter.  Oh yes, indeed.  There was a way. "By any chance, are you a member of AAPL?"  Psychiatrists who belonged to the American Association of Psychiatry and the Law, Vince knew, were particularly skilled in dealing with psychopaths.  "No, I'm not.  But, Mr. D'Ambrosio, my research has shown that the vast majority of people who place or answer these ads do so because of loneliness or boredom.  Others may have more sinister motives."  Vince turned and walked to the door.  As he twisted the knob, he looked back.  "I'd say that was true in Erin Kelley's case."   On Tuesday night, Charley drove to the retreat and went directly to the basement.  He took down the stack of shoe boxes and laid them on top of the freezer.  Clipped onto each of them was the name of the girl who belonged with them.  Not that he needed reminding, of course.  He remembered every single one in perfect detail.  Besides that, except for Nan, he had a videotape of each of them.  And he had videotaped the True Crimes program about Nan's death.  They'd done a good job of finding a girl who looked like her.  He opened Nan's box.  The scuffed Nike and the black sequined satin slipper.  The slipper was garish.  His taste had improved since then.  Should he send Nan's and Erin's things back at the same time?  Carefully, he considered the idea.  It was such an interesting decision.  No.  If he did that the police and the media would realize immediately that their theory about a copycat murder was wrong.  They'd know that one set of hands had snuffed out both lives.  Maybe it would be more fun to toy with them for a while.  Maybe start by returning Nan's shoe and the one from the first of the other girls.  That had been Claire, two years ago.  An ash- blond musical- comedy actress from Lancaster.  She could dance so beautifully.  Gifted.  Really gifted.  Her wallet was in the box with her white sandal and the gold slipper.  Surely by now her family had giver up her apartment.  He'd send the package to the address in Lancaster.  Then every few days he'd send another package.  Janine.  Marie.  Sheila.  Leslie.  Annette.  Tina.  Erin.  He'd time it so they'd all be delivered by March thirteenth.  Fifteen days from now.  On that night, now matter how he accomplished it, Darcy would be here dancing with him.  Charley stared at the freezer.  Darcy was going to be the last one.  Maybe he'd keep her with him always...  When Darcy got back to her apartment from the airport Tuesday evening, there were a dozen messages on the answering machine.  Condolences from old friends.  Seven calls had come in from personal ads Erin must have answered for her.  The pleasant- voiced David Weld again.  This time he left a number.  So did Len Parker, Cal Griffin, and Albert Booth.  A call from Gus Boxer saying he had a tenant for Erin Kelley's apartment.  Could Miss Scott get the place cleared out by the weekend?  If she did, she wouldn't have to pay the March rent.  Darcy rewound the tape, wrote down the names and phone numbers of the personal ad callers, and changed cassettes.  Vince D'Ambrosio might want to have a record of those voices.  She heated a can of soup, ate it on a tray in bed.  When she was finished she reached for the phone and the list of men who had called for a date.  She dialed the first number.  As it began to right she slammed the phone back in the cradle.  Tears gushed down her cheeks as she sobbed, "Erin, I want to call you."   VIII WEDNESDAY February 27  At nine o'clock, Darcy went to the office.  Bev was already there.  She had coffee brewing and fresh juice and warm bagels.  A new plant was on the windowsill.  Bey hugged her briefly, her extravagantly mascaraed eyes filled with sympathy.  "You can guess everything I want to say."  "Yes, I can."  Darcy realized the coffee aroma was enticing.  She reached for a bagel.  "I didn't know I was hungry."  Bev assumed a businesslike attitude.  "We had two calls in yesterday.  People who saw the magin you did on the Ralston Arms apartment.  Want you to redo for them.  Also, would you take on that residential hotel on Thirtieth and Ninth?  New owners.  Claim they have more taste than money."  "Before I do anything else, I have to clear out Erin's apartment."  Darcy took a gulp of coffee and pushed back her hair.  "I dread it."  It was Bev who suggested she simply move all the furniture to the warehouse.  "You told me it was a terrific setup.  Could you use Erin's things piece by piece on jobs?  One of the women who called wants to redo her daughter's bedroom in a really special way.  The kid's sixteen and is coming home from the hospital after a long siege.  She'll be laid up for quite a while."  It was good to think of Erin's pewter and brass bed being enjoyed by a girl like that.  It made it easier.  "I'd better check that it's all right for me to move everything out."  She called Vince D'Ambrosio.  "I know the NYPD is finished going over the place," he told her.  Bev arranged for the van to go to Christopher Street the next day.  "I'll meet it.  Just show me what you want."  At noon she went with Darcy to Erin's apartment.  Boxer let them in.  "Sure appreciate you releasing the place," he whined.  "Nice person taking it."  I wonder how much you got under the table, Darcy thought.  I never want to come here again.  There were a few blouses and scarves that she decided to keep as mementos.  The rest of Erin's clothes she gave to Bev.  "You're Erin's size.  Just please don't wear them to the office."  The jewelry Erin had made.  Swiftly she gathered it, not wanting to think now about Erin's talent.  What else was bothering her?  Finally she laid all the jewelry on the worktable.  Earrings, necklaces, pins, bracelets.  Gold.  Silver.  Semiprecious stones.  All imaginative, whether formal or fun pieces.  What was bothering her?  The new necklace Erin had completed with the chunky gold copies of Roman coins.  Erin had joked about it.  "It'll retail for about three thousand dollars.  I designed it for a fashion show in April.  Can't afford to keep it for myself, but until then I'm going to wear it a few times."  Where was that necklace?  Had Erin been wearing it when she went out that last time?  That and her initial ring and her watch.  Were they with the clothes she'd been wearing when her body was found?  Darcy scooped Erin's personal jewelry into a suitcase along with the contents of the safe.  She'd have the loose gems appraised and sold for Billy's nursing home expenses.  She did not look back when she closed the door of apartment 3B for the last time. On Wednesday afternoon at four o'clock, a detective from the Sixth Precinct, armed with Erin Kelly's picture, was making the rounds of the pubs in the Washington Square area.  So far his search had been fruitless.  Several bartenders freely acknowledged knowing Erin.  "She'd drop in once in a while.  Sometimes with a date.  Sometimes meeting someone.  Last Tuesday.  No.  Didn't see her at all last week."  Charles North's picture produced no effect at all.  "Never saw that one."  Finally, at Eddie's Aurora on West Fourth Street, a bartender positively stated:  "Yeah, that girl was here last Tuesday.  I went to Florida Wednesday morning.  Just got back.  That's why I'm sure about the date.  I started talking to her.  Told her I was finally getting away for some sun.  She said she was a typical redhead, her skin always burned.  She was expecting to meet someone and waited around for about forty minutes.  He never showed up.  Nice girl.  Finally, she paid her bill and left."  The bartender was sure it was Tuesday; sure Erin Kelley had come in at seven o'clock; sure she had been stood up.  He accurately described the clothes she had been wearing, including an unusual necklace that resembled old Roman coins.  "Necklace was real different.  Looked expensive.  I told her not to wander around outside without pulling her coat collar over it."  The detective reported to Vince D'Ambrosio from the pay phone in the bar.  Vince immediately phoned Darcy, who verified that Erin had had a gold coin necklace.  'I thought it might have been found on her."  She told Vince that Erin's initial ring and watch were also missing.  "She was wearing a watch and earrings when she was found," Vince said quietly, and asked if he could come over.  "Sure," Darcy said.  "I'll be working late."  When Vince arrived at the office, he was carrying a copy of Erin's personal ad file.  "We did an exhaustive examination of all Erin's papers.  In them we found a receipt for one of those private safe deposit boxes that are accessible twenty- four hours a day.  Erin signed up for that only last week.  She told the manager that she was a jewelry designer and was uncomfortable about the value of some of the stones she was keeping in her apartment."  Darcy listened attentively as Vince D'Ambrosio told her that Erin had been stood up on Tuesday night.  "She left that bar alone at about quarter of eight.  We're leaning to the theory that it was a felony murder.  She was wearing the necklace Tuesday night, but not when she was found.  We don't know about the ring."  "She always wore that ring," Darcy said.  Vince nodded.  "She may have had the pouch of diamonds in her possession."  He wondered if he was getting through to Darcy Scott.  She was sitting at her desk, a pale yellow sweater accentuating the blond highlights in her brown hair, her expression totally controlled, her eyes more green than hazel today.  He hated to be giving her copies of Kelley's personal ads file.  He was sure that she was going to start writing to the ones that were circled.  Unconsciously, his voice deepened as he stressed, "Darcy, I know the sense of rage you're feeling at losing a friend like Erin.  The point is, I beg you not to answer these personal ads with some crazy idea that you'll find the man who called himself Charles North.  We're going to do everything we can to find Erin's killer.  But the fact remains that even though Erin may not have been one of his victims, there is a serial murderer using these ads to meet young women, and I don't want you to be his next date."   Doug Fox had not strayed from Scarsdale over the weekend.  He'd devoted himself to Susan and the children and been pleasantly compensated for his effort by having Susan tell him that she'd arranged fro a babysitter Monday afternoon.  She wanted to do some shopping and proposed that they meet for dinner in New York that night and ride home together.  She had not told him that before shopping she had the appointment with an investigative agency.  Doug had taken her to San Domenico for dinner and made it his business to be especially charming, even telling her that sometimes he forgot how really pretty she was.  Susan had laughed.  Tuesday night Doug had arrived home at midnight.  "Damn late meetings," he'd sighed.  Wednesday morning he felt secure enough to tell Susan he'd be taking clients out to dinner and might as well stay at the Gateway.  He was relieved at how understanding she was.  "A client is a client, Doug.  Just don't wear yourself out."  Wednesday afternoon when he left the office, he went straight to the apartment in London Terrace.  He was meeting a divorced thirty- two- year- old real estate broker in SoHo for drinks at seven- thirty.  But first he wanted to change into casual clothes and make a phone call.  He hoped that tonight he'd reach Darcy Scott.   On Wednesday afternoon, Jay Stratton received a call from Merrill Ashton of Winston- Salem, North Carolina.  Ashton had been thinking long and hard about Stratton's suggestion that he buy Frances an important piece of jewelry for their fortieth wedding anniversary.  "If I discuss it with her, she'll talk me out of it," Ashton said, a smile in his voice.  "Point is, I have to be in New York next week on business.  You got anything to show me?  I was thinking maybe a diamond bracelet."  Jay assured him that he most certainly did have something to show him.  "I just bought some particularly fine diamonds which are being set in a bracelet right now.  It would be perfect on your wife."  "I'd want an appraisal."  "Of course you would.  If you like the bracelet, you can take it to a jeweler in Winston- Salem whom you trust and if he doesn't agree that the value is there, we don't have a deal.  Are you prepared to spend forty thousand dollars?  One for each year of your marriage?"  He heard the hesitation in Ashton's reply.  "Well, that's a bit steep."  "A truly exquisite bracelet," Jay assured him."Something that Frances Junior will proudly leave to her own daughter."  They arranged to meet for a drink next Monday, March fourth.  Was it all going too well, Stratton wondered as he laid the portable phone on the coffee table.  The twenty- thousand- dollar check for the Bertolini necklace.  Would anyone think to come looking for it?  The insurance on the pouch of diamonds.  With Erin's body found, the chance that she had been robbed could not be disputed.  He'd give Ashton the gem- stones at a reasonable but not questionable price.  A jeweler in Winston- Salem wasn't going to be looking for stones listed as missing or stolen.  A wave of pure pleasure swept over him.  Stratton laughed, remembering what his uncle had said to him twenty years ago.  "Jay, I've sent you to an Ivy League school.  You've got the brains to get good marks on your own, and you still cheat.  Your father will never be dead while you're around."  When he told his uncle that he'd conned the dean at Brown into letting him reapply if he joined the Peace Corps for two years, his uncle had sarcastically snapped, "Be careful.  There's nothing to steal in the Peace Corps and you might actually have to do some work."  Not that much work.  At twenty he'd started over at Brown as a freshman.  Never get caught, his father had warned him.  And if you do, no matter how you fix it, make sure you don't have a record.  He'd of course been older than the other students.  They'd all looked like babyfaced kids, even the ones who were obviously rich.  Except for one.  The phone rang.  It was Enid Armstrong.  Enid Armstrong?  Of course, the teary- eyed widow.  She sounded excited.  "I talked to my sister about your suggestion of what I should do to my ring and she said, 'Enid, if that will give you a lift, do it.  You deserve to pamper yourself.'"   On the channel 4 six o'clock news, reporter John Miller had an ongoing report about Erin Kelley.  It had been learned that a quarter of a million dollars in diamonds was missing from her safe.  Lloyd's of London had posted a fifty- thousand- dollar reward for their return.  The police still believed that she had been the victim of a copycat murderer who might not have known that she was carrying valuables.  The report ended with a reminder that the True Crimes dramatization of Nan Sheridan's death was being repeated at eight o'clock.  Darcy snapped the off button on the remote control.  "It had nothing to do with a robbery," she said aloud.  "It had nothing to do with a copycat murder.  No matter what they say, it had everything to do with a personal ad."  Vince D'Ambrosio would undoubtedly learn the identity of some of the people Erin had dated.  But Erin had been meeting for the first time the man who called himself Charles North, and he hadn't shown up.  Suppose he'd been just coming into the bar and met her at the door?  Suppose he'd been one of the ones to whom she'd sent a picture?  Suppose he'd said, "Erin Kelley, I'm Charles North.  I got stuck in traffic.  This place looks crowded.  Let's go somewhere else."  It makes sense, Darcy thought.  If there is a serial killer out there and if he's been responsible for the other deaths, he won't stop now.  If only she knew which ads Erin had actually answered, which ads she'd answered for both of them.  It was seven o'clock, a good time to try returning the calls that had been left on her machine.  In the next forty minutes she reached three people, left messages for the other four.  Now she had a date for drinks with Len Parker at McMullen's on Thursday, drinks with David Weld at Smith and Wollensky's Grill of Friday, and brunch with Albert Booth at the Victory Cafe on Saturday.  What about the guys who had left messages on Erin's machine?  A couple of them had given phone numbers that she'd taken down.  Maybe she'd call them back, tell them about Erin in case they didn't already know, and try to get a date with them.  If they were meeting a lot of girls, they might have heard someone talk about a date who turned out to be weird.  The first two didn't answer.  The next one picked up immediately.  "Michael Nash."  "Michael, I'm Darcy Scott, a good friend of Erin Kelley's.  I imagine you know what happened to her."  "Darcy Scott."  The pleasant voice deepened with concern.  "Erin told me about you.  I'm so terribly sorry.  I spoke with an FBI agent yesterday and assured him I'd like to help in anyway I can.  Erin was a lovely girl."  Darcy realized her eyes were filling with tears.  "Yes, she was."  Obviously, he caught the catch in her voice.  "This is terribly rough for you.  Can I take you out for dinner some night soon?  Talking about it may help."  "I'd like that."  "Tomorrow?"  Darcy thought swiftly.  She was meeting Len at six.  "If eight o'clock is all right with you."  "It's fine.  I'll make a reservation at Le Cirque.  Incidentally, how will I know you?"  "Medium brown hair, five eight.  I'll wear a blue wool dress with a white collar."  "I'll be the most average- looking guy in the place.  I'll be waiting at the bar."  Darcy hung up feeling somehow comforted.  At least I'll get some use out of the Rodeo Drive clothes, she thought, and realized that instinctively she was making a mental note to call Erin and tell her that.  She got up and massaged the back of her neck.  A dull headache made her realize she hadn't eaten since noon.  It was now quarter of eight.  A quick, hot shower, she decided.  Then I'll heat some soup and watch that program.  